one of the stars of tiny Giants is a
creature that lives in the deserts of a
fear of Arizona it's called a
grasshoppers locals call it scorpion
mouse
it doesn't just eat insects or ordinary
creatures it actually goes out and hunts
scorpions
what's remarkable about that is that a
scorpion is about the same size of the
mouse so it's like a lion taking on a
scorpion that would be six feet or eight
feet long so it's an incredible battle
and what's amazing is that this scorpion
Mouse it's got a little tips on this one
it can move so fast it can avoid the
scorpion strike two
it's immune the scorpions bellow and
three it apparently feels no pain its
co-evolved with the scorpions that live
in Arizona desert and there's a kind of
perpetual battle between the two of them
over millions of years as the venom of
the scorpion gets more toxic so the
mouse has to divert greater and greater
immunity to that toxin one of the
reasons why scorpions are poisons have
to kill people is because they've been
forced to be so toxic to deal with that
Mouse the other thing isn't is when you
watch it when it's actually fighting and
hunting this scorpion we shot it at
super slow-motion you realize actually
it shuts its eyes and just uses its
whiskers to feel so it's responding to
the strike of this scorpion not by
looking but by justified feeling the
vibrations by its whiskers that makes it
a superhero it's a very territorial
animal it's a very aggressive animal
actually and rather like a wolf
it protects or it defends its territory
by howling at the moon so little
creature walks up onto a rock throws its
head back and OH
Howl's I mean of course when you hear it
it's a lot but when we filmed it we
filmed it and we pitch shifted the
sounds down because we're working in
we're trying to give this the sense what
it's like to live in their world so we
pitched shifted it down so you hear it
as they would hit when this howl
to see the drama the scorpion ours life
unfold watch tiny Jax